bpo-41510: Updated documentation to add `header` kw-argument of pdb.set_trace() (#21793)
python/cpython: Doc/library/sys.rst

   function so that you can choose which debugger gets used.

>    The signature of this function is dependent on what it calls.  For example,

Reviewer: Here also I would suggest dropping that extra information.
```suggestion
   The signature of this function is dependent on what it calls.  The built-in
   ``breakpoint()`` function passes its ``*args`` and ``**kws`` straight through.
   Whatever ``breakpointhooks()`` returns is returned from ``breakpoint()``.
```
